# NextnextJsx

NextnextJsx is a fun little experiment I started to see how far I could get building web apps with **JSX syntax**, but with one rule: **use as few dependencies as possible**, and only build things when I actually need them. Along the way, I ended up writing a tiny testing framework, a hot-reloading dev server and more..

## Disclaimers

This project was developed with a lot of help from LLMs. Some parts I wrote from scratch, and some were entirely generated by AI. Whenever I came across something I didn’t fully understand—like **signals**—I turned to the AI to learn and figure out how to implement it.

It isn’t about doing things the "proper" way. I focused on solving one problem at a time, gluing things together, and just making it work. Whether the solution is clean or a bit hacky didn’t matter.<br>
**Making it work is the priority**.  

**Optimizations? They might come later—or they might not.**

---
 
### How to spin the server

```bash
npm start
# or
npm run dev
```

The scripts available in `package.json` include:

- `start`: Runs the server.
- `dev`: Starts the development server with hot-reloading.
- `build`: Compiles the TypeScript code.
- `test`: Runs the custom test runner (`TinyTest`).


### Environment Variables

The the only requirement is to define the environment variables by simply creating a `.env` file in the root directory with the following content

```env
NODE_ENV=development
PORT=3000
```
`NODE_ENV` can be `development` or `production` 
## Supported Features
- ✅ TinyTest – Minimal testing framework  (to be exported as babytest)
- ✅ Watcher – Hot-reload for development  
- ✅ JSX syntax  
- ✅ Signals (reactive system)  
- ✅ Tailwindcss-like styling
- ✅ Environment variables
- 🔜 Support TypeScript 
- 🔜 Support testing environment (`NODE_ENV=test`)
---

